(Unhappy?) If you're dealing with a lotta woes
(Unlucky?) Then you got to listen very close
(Be happy) Keep on trying, never give up
(Undead, oh) Don’t forget that you're alive
The past you have been running from
That boring future yet to come
Still counseling you, oh my, oh my
Universal, peace, peace, yeah
(Unhappy?)
(Unlucky?)
(Be happy)
(Undead, oh, undead, oh, undead, oh, oh, oh)

Hey, hey, hey, hey, somehow feeling like
There's a fight within and it’s been going on so long
I don't feel it and (Don't even wanna try)
Past version of me (Of me, of me, of me)
And those figures of the old
Transparent ghosts over my route
The childish and painful memories
Have the deepest roots

(Saddening?) Nowhere to be seen
(Say what?) Way better then? Irony
They all see the me of the past
When looking at me now
(Nonsense) Label I can't erase
(Yes) In essence, a complex
It's almost like something's possessing me
It is wrapping tight around
And won't loosen its bounds
The self I used to be before (Undead, oh)

Still alive, time is a chain of your own path
To be alive is to always embrace your inner changes, on and on
Don't settle for unhappiness, don’t be complacent in distress
Not even trying to seize the joy and be happy, you coward
Oh, this world, oh, this world is one odd, one odd fantasy
Who knows what is coming up next, a monster or a snake?
This is a story starting after that encounter, finally
With people or monsters and spirits, back on topic, peace, peace yeah

Past and future
Can’t change the past
Past and future
Run for the future

Cu-cu-cutting in, somehow feeling like
There's nothing to be looking forward to
No hope to find (Cannot be defined)
That’s how I'm feeling ins—
There's nothing left to view
Lived long enough, nothing is new
No sign of anything wonderful
Waiting down the line

(Saddening) Too much knowledge results in feeling
Like every myth is but another boring evolution
(Thrill is what I really want now)
Bored and down (Used to frowns)
And this is the way the guidance grew rising compliance too
It's like I’m going under a lid (I consumed everything)
This one or that one or, whichever
And now it all just tastes the same (Undead, oh)

Still alive, time is a chain of your own path
In any era, your past and your future are in this very moment
Fulfill the life you're set upon, and truthfully keep moving on
Go for that happy ending (Undead, oh)
Still alive, I'm telling this to you, now
So never give up on pursuing your happiness and keep being human
'Cause being numb to suffering, always enduring everything
It's almost as if you're dead, a lot of corpses undead, oh

(Unhappy?) If you're dealing with a lotta woes
(Unlucky?) Then you gotta listen very close
(Be happy) Keep on trying, never give up
(Undead, oh) Be aware that you're alive
Drowning deep in unhappiness
Or seizing that true happiness
It's on you, on you, it's all on you
Universal, all embracing all creations (Peace, peace, yeah)
Past and future
Can't change the past
Past and future
Run for the future

Where people gather and go
You'll find all worries and woes
Oh, you gotta live on, through this tale of
Monsters everywhere that you can see